in the 1970s the cop show was camp and
every Network had to have its own cop
show or shows you had Mannix Starsky and
Hutch streets of San Francisco Kojak and
of course there was Beretta
[Music]
everybody my age if you said the words
beretta they'd break into song you could
watch those promos Beretta Thursdays at
9:00 beretta does everything to save
three runaways so beretta was one of
those police shows where the cop breaks
the rules to make sure the bad guys
caught it was very much in time and
filled with the 1970s right this is the
new kind of cop it was a hit and the
winner is
Robert the show earned Robert Blake an
Emmy Award in 1975 let the good times
roll I saw him in Beretta I watched
Beretta as a kid what I liked about
beretta is I liked his style he was a
fighter Beretta had a lot of quirks the
man lived with a cockatoo what was the
deal with the cockatoo he was brilliant
and he was called Lala
there were five or six birds in Albin
did something else but Lala was the
genius and he also was a troubled animal
because he was trapped in being a bird
he should have been a person and if he
got mad at you you could see that he had
that look in his eye and he would grab
your finger and he'd look at you like
you want to argue with me say goodbye
say goodbye aah
so he was kind of nuts half of the time
but you could get him to do anything he
understood the camera Greta was tough
and certainly not afraid to use his
fists when required but he had a good
heart and he was always on the side of
the weak and the vulnerable
I designed beretta as my ideal self it
was a lot of things that I wanted to be
but people thought that was me and they
expected to find that when they met me
it just it wasn't true
in the hierarchy of Hollywood movies are
number one TVs number two
Blake considered a TV series a big step
down for him but he poured his heart and
soul into it
she would come in in the morning knowing
his dialogue to a tee and because he had
rewritten it the night before and it
would be better I never met a man that I
didn't like and I don't like you he was
a perfectionist if he read a script and
didn't like it he would come into the
office of throw it down on the table and
say who wrote the Jimmy Garner who was a
dear friend
he said Robert can't be a perfectionist
on television stop trying to make it in
cold blood because you're not going to
get that done well I wasn't built that
way and I drove myself crazy every
script had to be better every Direction
had to be better every casting had to be
better I'd hire him and fire people
right on the spot in front of the camera
it was too much for Blake and he ended
the show Blake took several years off he
stayed in the public eye by appearing on
The Tonight Show he was on a total of
150 times would you welcome Robert Blake
Robert Blake mr. Robert Blake Robert
Blake on The Tonight Show was famous for
shooting from the lip there was nobody
around to stop me there wasn't nobody
could have stopped me anyway you killed
him I was good
I knew I wasn't gonna hit him because I
was looking at his throat and I was
thinking wouldn't it be nice if I had
his Adam's apple in my hand I say say
Jim you can't talk no more hi look at
him look at him they think he's really
like that he's acting His image as a
troublemaker became cemented thanks to
the Tonight Show then I did Hilton
Helltown was about a priest who saves
Souls on the gritty urban streets of Los
Angeles I wrote it I produced it I
directed and I was responsible for the
money in all kinds of things and it was
about a priest and I thought I was doing
God's work it was just I was crazy and I
had a nervous breakdown on camera and I
walked off the set and I walked off the
show I was always at least 50%
self-destructive but when I wasn't
working I couldn't stand the way I felt
bipolar I was tripod or I would quad Pro
little hell knows what kind of polar I
was I had 35 different feelings in five
minutes I was nuts when I was away from
the camera
blink went through a messy divorce and
he went back into therapy
Blake quit acting entirely for eight
years and got into politics supporting
Cesar Chavez and working against nuclear
power I didn't need a lot of money I was
already a millionaire but I was lost I
was lost in life
some of the late nineties Blake is
acting very very rarely he works out he
plays his guitar he goes to jazz clubs
and he's a figure on the periphery of
Hollywood but he's not working at all so
one night he goes to a nightclub called
Chad knees and his blonde woman
approaches him and it turns out her name
is bonny Lee Bakley
it would have been a good night to a
stay at home hi everyone george
stephanopoulos here thanks for checking
out the ABC news youtube channel if
you'd like to get more videos show
highlights and watch live event coverage
click on the right over here to
subscribe to our channel and don't
forget to download the ABC News app for
breaking news alerts thanks for watching